# ( Trending YouTube Video Statistics in CA )
## by ( Amira Saleh )

> YouTube, a well-known video sharing website, maintains a list of the most popular videos. "YouTube uses a variety of metrics, including analyses of user interactions, to select the top-trending videos" (number of views, shares, comments, and likes). Remember that these are not the most viewed videos for the year as a whole. Among the top performers on YouTube's trending list are music videos (such as the notoriously lewd "Gangam Style"), celebrity and/or reality TV performances, and viral videos by random individuals with cameras. 

## in order for me to explore this dataset is had to: 
> 1- Import all important libraries.
> 2- Read CSV file 
> 3- Fix data types
> 4- Drop null values. 
> 5- Plot data in different types. 

## Introduce the dataset
> Tis dataset is taking about The most popular videos on YouTube are determined by a variety of metrics so we want to Examine the habits of individuals in the United States when using YouTube.

> The dataset consists of 16 columns and 40881 rows initially, after cleaning, we are left with 39065 rows and 17 columns

## Summary of Findings

> 1. A number of analyses can be conducted using the dataset, including comment counting for the top 5 channels, number of categories, and top 5 most disliked videos.

> 2. According to the number of comments, ibighit is the top channel.

> 3. There is a high level of liking for movies.

> 4. Official channels are the most common. 

> 5. 'penjabi song' is the most commonly used tag since it is most often repeated in tags.

> 6. Trump is the most searched title in CA.

> 7. Only a few videos have ratings_disabled set to true, and these videos are related to views.


## Key Insights for Presentation
>  A majority of views are generated by the entertainment category.
>  There is a strong relationsship/positive correlation btween likes,dislikes and views. 
>  A negative correlation has been found between likes and dislikes. 
>  There's a high correlation between likes and music.
>  There's a high correlation between dislikes and politics & News.